Docs: Add docs for adding / removing volumes to/from JBOD storage (#1551)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-partition-reassignment.adoc

Partitions not included in the JSON are not changed.

> == Reassigning partitions between JBOD volumes

Reviewer: My understanding of this chapter is that you are referring to the `kafka-reassign-partitions.sh` tool. Is that right?
If yes, should be mentioned here? If not, I haven't understood where the described JSON should be used.

Author: It is part of a chapter which is called _Partition reassignment_ and is whole about the `kafka-reassign-partitions.sh`. When you look at the whole chapter / module and not just at the small subsection, do you think it is needed to make it more explicit what is it talking about?

Reviewer: You are right, I didn't "explode" the previous part and noticed that it was part of a greater chapter :-)

> When using JBOD storage in your Kafka cluster, you can also reassign the partitions between specific volumes and their log directories (each volume has one log directory).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using JBOD storage in your Kafka cluster, you can choose to reassign the partitions between specific volumes and their log directories (each volume has a single log directory).
```

> To reassign a partition to a specific volume, the `log_dirs` option has to be added to _<PartitionObjects>_.

Reviewer 2: _This is an instruction to do something, so I would use the imperative mood._

To reassign a partition to a specific volume, add the `log_dirs` option to `_<PartitionObjects>_` in the reassignment JSON file.

_Ignore the backticks around PartitionObjects._

> To reassign a partition to a specific volume,, the `log_dirs` option has to be added to the _<PartitionObjects>_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To reassign a partition to a specific volume,, the `log_dirs` option has to be added to _<PartitionObjects>_.
```

[source,subs=+quotes]
----
{
  "topic": _<TopicName>_,
  "partition": _<Partition>_,
  "replicas": [ _<AssignedBrokerIds>_ ],
  "log_dirs": [ _<AssignedLogDirs>_ ]
}
----

> The `log_dirs` object should contain the same number log directories as is the number of replicas in the `replicas` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `log_dirs` object should contain the same number of log directories as the number of replicas specified in the `replicas` object.
```

> The `log_dirs` object should contain the same number log directories as is the number of replicas in the the `replicas` object.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `log_dirs` object should contain the same number log directories as is the number of replicas in the `replicas` object.
```

> The value should be either an absolute path to the log directory or the `any` keyword.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value should be either an absolute path to the log directory, or the `any` keyword.
```
